Ying Zhan Shen Yuezi is on the run
Before the special sealing ceremony begins
Under the name of the king of Beijing
Punish the Tang family for violating the rules
Hijab counting
Restore the glory of the Tang family God of War family
Restore the name of Tang Ying's God of War
Four Thousand Army
The Korean and European God of War has made great achievements for not rewarding power
Write the seal as the King of Northern Jin from today
The king of Beijing is not quick to abuse
Xie Qingjun Xie Qingjun
My Tang family must be following the Qing army
No two hearts
How is that possible?
The situation is that the Qing army
Tang Xueying was named the king of Beijing
It's over. It's over.
It's all over
Qin Fang is the king of Beijing, and the throne is mine
Why do you want to give Tang Ying
Qin Fang you
You can't hate me just because you hate me
You can take everything from me
Are you really reporting here?
Mingcheng
You still don't know
Your biggest dream today is not to be mean to me
It's that you can't eat yourself
I'll let you guard the city gates now
Just to help you better understand yourself
reform
Qin Fang, stop pretending
Obviously you hate me
Why did you divorce me?
You are forcing me
You are on top of Tangying again
Die I'm going to kill you
Plum Chang
I gave you too much money
Since you don't want it
Then forget it.
Practice martial arts at me
Abolition industry, you rob me to buy